    ########## HELP ##########

When you start the game for the first time, you will start from 
Nam So-sun.
When you start the game for the first time, you will start playing
 in Nam Sang Sung up to level 30.
After connecting, "start from the beginning" to connect to the 
game will start in the South.
If you are above level 30, you can join the castle of your choice.

The castle has 6 large castles and 10 small castles.
First of all, you buy a coat or a skirt and buy a piece from a 
blacksmith with a given price of 150.
Decide what type of job you want to raise your character, 
and then set a positive value in the property window (F3) 
to the attribute value and the required ability for your character.
Press [ALT + Q] to display the store coordinates of the temple 
in detail.
The most suitable animal to catch at level 1 is a rabbit. 
Rabbits are easy to find near the village.
Since mobs other than rabbits are aggressive, let them 
catch rabbits at the beginning stage.
As the level increases,
        Rabbit -> Sparrow, Chicken -> Mouse -> Deer -> Deer -> 
Snake -> Fox -> Wolf -> Tiger -> Spider -> Wang -> Skeleton -> 
Neru Slander -> Skull Warrior -> Wicked ... ....
In order to hunt.

<Use keys: F4, F5, F7>
F4: Item Details Window
F5: Item Bag
F7: Current Mounting Status
At the bottom left of the screen, there is a belt labeled 1 to 6.
Item Select item from bag and open item detail explanation 
window, you can find information about item.
With the item bag and the currently mounted window open, 
you can drag and drop the item you want from the item bag 
and place it in the appropriate window. Or double-click on the
 item window.

<Use key: shift> Attack uses mouse.
While holding Shift on the keyboard, aim and click on the mob 
with your mouse.
If you want to keep attacking, press and hold the mouse to 
continue attacking.
Until Level 10, even if you are PICK (murder), things will not 
fall in your bag.
Until you reach a certain level, your name will appear in yellow 
on the Krikic and you will not be attacked (ALT + H).
Interpersonal attacks are possible from level 11, and if you kill 
a lot of people, you become notorious and disadvantageous 
to the game.
When the notorious name becomes 20%, the name color 
becomes red. The more notorious the name color becomes.
Press F9 to confirm your notoriety.

If a character has a good magic, a small [shield] will appear on 
his head.
When a character is poisoned, a small [skeleton] appears on 
his head.
If you die during a Pike (murder) or hunting, your inner / outer 
space and agility will decrease. It slowly recovers over time. 
In order to recover quickly, you need to take a recovery medicine.

<Use key: Space bar, shift- !, '/'>
Speaking: Press and hold the Space Bar
Shout:! A word to cry (eg! It is a legend of Mir.)
           Shouting is not heard by the entire user. But it sounds far 
more than I can say.
           The shout appears in yellow in the dialog.
Whisper 1: / What do you want to say to your character name) 
/Dev Kiss Hello.
           Whispers can be used to communicate with a specific person.
Whisper 2: // what you want to say character example) 
// is a legend to the Devil Kiss Mir.)
           It is a function to whisper to another server.
@ Search: This function is to check if the person searching 
is connecting.
           This function is mainly used to check if there is a person 
searching for another server.
           Ex) @ Searchable Kiss

You can catch animals to get meat and then sell them to the 
butcher to earn money.
Generally, meat is heavier and more expensive than the 
restorative effect.
In the hunting area, if you are in an emergency, you can 
recover your stamina by eating meat, collect the meat, 
sell the money, buy the reagent on the reagent, and 
regain your strength.
The herb is dropped when the herb is planted in the 
herb field. There are medicines that can be made into 
herbs, and you can sell this herb on the reagent.
If you take ore from a mine, you will see diamonds, 
gold chunks, and other ores. There are some items that 
can be made, but now they are regenerated. 
You can sell it in the castle in the castle.

Chandler: A place to buy and sell rings, necklaces, helmets, 
bracelets, and return books.
Reagent: It is a place to buy and sell various herbs 
and reagents.
Main: You can sell ore. You can get reagents that are not 
sold in stores.
Pointer: It is a place to buy and sell various clothes 
and armor.
Blacksmith: A place to buy and sell weapons, 
such as swords and canes.
Butcher: You can buy and sell meat.
Hair shop: It is a place to change hair shape. It is in the 
main chamber.
Meeting Room: It can be used as unarmed meeting 
place for various meetings such as the congress meeting.
Office: It is a place to join the castle. Big castles are in tolerance.
Bookstore: It is a place to sell books to learn magic and art.
Lottery Prize: Sell lottery tickets.
Training Center: It is a place to practice magic and art.
Prison: If you die by attacking the castle, you will be 
imprisoned in the castle's prison for an hour.

Poison 
           If 100% of the time is spent, 30-70,000 will be hit.
           * You must be 100% free.
Mahón: If you eat poison because of poison, your physical 
strength is reduced by about 100 ~ 200,000.
           One-half of your reduced health is a hit.
           * You must be 100% free.
The effective time of the drug is 30 seconds. 
(A bottle on top of the head)

Added features to prevent item scams
Ex) @ exchange meat 1

Mir's legends include professors (attacking wizards), 
masters (non-attacking wizards), warriors.
Depending on whether you emphasize attack power 
or defense strength, you will be divided into six types 
of occupations as follows.
Illusionist (Attack Center Attacker): mainly uses the 
power of fire
Soulmaster (Defensive Center Attacker): mainly uses 
the power of electricity
Leader (attack center recovery guru): mainly uses the 
power of the ground
Monk (defense center recovery guru): mainly uses the 
power of water
Warrior (Attack Center Attack Warrior): Attack more 
important than defense
Both Warriors (Defensive Center Attacker): Focus on 
defense rather than attack
Also, there are good men and bad men, and if we kill 
many good men, we become wicked.
The name of the good character is white, and the name 
of the bad character is black.
There is no special restriction on the wicked, but when 
you look at the property window (F3), Aleppo keeps climbing.
The decision of the occupation is made by setting the 
attribute value and accumulating the experience value.
First, when you first start, you are randomly assigned to 
one of the above occupations, and the attribute value is set.
If you want to change this, you can lower the already 
set value and raise the desired property.
Decision of attribute experience value is increased by 
500 whenever experience value is accumulated.
Each attribute has a tendency to conflict with other 
attributes, so you only need to raise one attribute at a time.
The line / evil has nothing to do with other occupational 
properties, so one of the line / evil may be raised.
If you kill a lot of people in the castle, your name will change 
to red because of notoriety. If the name is changed to 20% if 
the infamy is 20%, then there is a restriction on the game 
(the infant can not buy anything) if it exceeds 50%.

In Mir, good and evil are not necessarily good or evil.
There are magic and wearable items that can be learned 
only if the level of the line is high, and magic and wearable 
items can be learned if the level of evil is high.

When the level reaches 30, you must set one of the five 
largest castles other than Nam Socheon as your residence. 
(When you connect, a selection window appears.)
If you want to join, you should register as a resident in 
the government office. (Right click on the administrator)
If you want to join another castle, you can sign up for your 
castle without having to leave it separately.

In general, if you want to attack the castle, 
you can organize the door and attack it.
Attack the gatekeeper in the castle 
(resistance in case of big castle), break all the gates and 
enter the castle, you will be able to occupy the castle.
When killed by a gatekeeper / guards at the time of an attack, 
he is imprisoned for an hour in prison.
The castle attacking the castle is attacked by the guards.
Features of gatekeeper
It is guarding the door entrance and does not move.
It is impossible to attack with magic.
It is impossible to regain physical strength by healing spells.
Characteristics of the guards (guards)
I patrol the castle while patrolling.
Attacks the castle / person who is attacking the castle.
Those who are attacking the gatekeeper are subjected to 
concentrated attacks.
After a certain time, it returns to its original position. 
(Prevention of molting)

5,000,000 won for the gatekeeper, 250,000 won for the guardian, 
so the gatekeeper and the guards do not regenerate 
after finishing the castle.

The prison guards are not regenerated in the 
absence of the castle.

When you are in the hunting area, you can use the 
return book to move to the castle to which you belong. 
If you use the return book in the castle, you will go to 
the hunting ground you were in before you used it.

Each zone has a level limit. Level limits are as follows.
Spider Zone: 25
Skeleton Zone: 45
Evil Underground Underground: 60
Ssangyou Zone, Hwangryong Zone: 72
Ghost Zone, Zombie Zone: 82
Neru Zone: 90
Chongryong Zone: 105
Jurassic John: 120
Gene Zone: 140
Dragon King Zone: 200
Send feedback
History
Saved
Community